against Moab thus says the Lord of hosts
against Moab thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel whoa - kneeble for it
the God of Israel whoa - kneeble for it
the God of Israel whoa - kneeble for it is plundered cutis am ashamed and taken
is plundered cutis am ashamed and taken
is plundered cutis am ashamed and taken the high stronghold ashamed and dismayed
the high stronghold ashamed and dismayed
the high stronghold ashamed and dismayed no more praise of Moab in heshbon they
no more praise of Moab in heshbon they
no more praise of Moab in heshbon they have devised evil against her come and
have devised evil against her come and
have devised evil against her come and let us cut her off as a nation you also
let us cut her off as a nation you also
let us cut her off as a nation you also shall be cut down old madman the sword
shall be cut down old madman the sword
shall be cut down old madman the sword shall pursue you a voice of crying shall
shall pursue you a voice of crying shall
shall pursue you a voice of crying shall be from horror Nahum plundering and
be from horror Nahum plundering and
be from horror Nahum plundering and great destruction Moab is destroyed her
great destruction Moab is destroyed her
great destruction Moab is destroyed her little ones have caused the cry to be
little ones have caused the cry to be
little ones have caused the cry to be heard for in the ascent of new hits they
heard for in the ascent of new hits they
heard for in the ascent of new hits they ascend with continual weeping for in the
ascend with continual weeping for in the
ascend with continual weeping for in the descent of Horla Nahum the enemies have
descent of Horla Nahum the enemies have
descent of Horla Nahum the enemies have heard a cry of destruction flee save
heard a cry of destruction flee save
heard a cry of destruction flee save your lives and be like the juniper in
your lives and be like the juniper in
your lives and be like the juniper in the wilderness for because you have
the wilderness for because you have
the wilderness for because you have trusted in your works and in your
trusted in your works and in your
trusted in your works and in your treasures you also shall be taken and
treasures you also shall be taken and
treasures you also shall be taken and kemar shall go forth into captivity his
kemar shall go forth into captivity his
kemar shall go forth into captivity his priests and his princes together and the
priests and his princes together and the
priests and his princes together and the plunderers shall come against every city
plunderers shall come against every city
plunderers shall come against every city no one shall escape the valley also
no one shall escape the valley also
no one shall escape the valley also shall perish and the plain shall be
shall perish and the plain shall be
shall perish and the plain shall be destroyed as the Lord has spoken give
destroyed as the Lord has spoken give
destroyed as the Lord has spoken give wings to Moab that she may flee and get
wings to Moab that she may flee and get
wings to Moab that she may flee and get away for her city shall be desolate
away for her city shall be desolate
away for her city shall be desolate without any to dwell in them
without any to dwell in them
without any to dwell in them cursed is he who does the work of the
cursed is he who does the work of the
cursed is he who does the work of the Lord
Lord
Lord deceitfully and cursed is he who keeps
deceitfully and cursed is he who keeps
deceitfully and cursed is he who keeps back his sword from blood moab has been
back his sword from blood moab has been
back his sword from blood moab has been at ease from his youth he has settled on
at ease from his youth he has settled on
at ease from his youth he has settled on his dregs and has not been emptied from
his dregs and has not been emptied from
his dregs and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel nor has he gone into
vessel to vessel nor has he gone into
vessel to vessel nor has he gone into captivity therefore his taste
captivity therefore his taste
captivity therefore his taste remained in him and his scent has not
remained in him and his scent has not
remained in him and his scent has not changed therefore behold the days are
changed therefore behold the days are
changed therefore behold the days are coming says the Lord that I shall send
coming says the Lord that I shall send
coming says the Lord that I shall send him wine workers who will tip him over
him wine workers who will tip him over
him wine workers who will tip him over and empty his vessels and break the
and empty his vessels and break the
and empty his vessels and break the bottles moab shall be ashamed of tomash
bottles moab shall be ashamed of tomash
bottles moab shall be ashamed of tomash as the house of israel was ashamed the
as the house of israel was ashamed the
as the house of israel was ashamed the bethel their confidence how can you say
bethel their confidence how can you say
bethel their confidence how can you say we are mighty and strong men for the war
we are mighty and strong men for the war
we are mighty and strong men for the war Moab is plundered and gone up from her
Moab is plundered and gone up from her
Moab is plundered and gone up from her cities her chosen young men have gone
cities her chosen young men have gone
cities her chosen young men have gone down to the slaughter says the king
down to the slaughter says the king
down to the slaughter says the king whose name is the Lord of Hosts the
whose name is the Lord of Hosts the
whose name is the Lord of Hosts the calamity of Moab is near at hand and his
calamity of Moab is near at hand and his
calamity of Moab is near at hand and his affliction comes quickly beam on him all
affliction comes quickly beam on him all
affliction comes quickly beam on him all you who are around him and all you who
you who are around him and all you who
you who are around him and all you who know his name say how the strong staff
know his name say how the strong staff
know his name say how the strong staff is broken the beautiful robbed Oh
is broken the beautiful robbed Oh
is broken the beautiful robbed Oh daughter inhabiting diamond come down
daughter inhabiting diamond come down
daughter inhabiting diamond come down from your glory and sit in thirst for
from your glory and sit in thirst for
from your glory and sit in thirst for the plunderer of Moab has come against
the plunderer of Moab has come against
the plunderer of Moab has come against you he has destroyed your strongholds o
you he has destroyed your strongholds o
you he has destroyed your strongholds o inhabitant of Aurora stand by the way
inhabitant of Aurora stand by the way
inhabitant of Aurora stand by the way and watch ask him who flees and her who
and watch ask him who flees and her who
and watch ask him who flees and her who escapes say what has happened
escapes say what has happened
escapes say what has happened Moab is shamed for he is broken down
Moab is shamed for he is broken down
Moab is shamed for he is broken down wail and cry
wail and cry
wail and cry till it in on that Moab is London and
till it in on that Moab is London and
till it in on that Moab is London and judgment has come on the plane country
judgment has come on the plane country
judgment has come on the plane country on Hollen and jhaza
on Hollen and jhaza
on Hollen and jhaza and Mathias on die burn and Nebo and
and Mathias on die burn and Nebo and
and Mathias on die burn and Nebo and Beth de Blasio on kerchief aim and Beth
Beth de Blasio on kerchief aim and Beth
Beth de Blasio on kerchief aim and Beth gable and Beth Mian on Kiriath and Basra
gable and Beth Mian on Kiriath and Basra
gable and Beth Mian on Kiriath and Basra on all the cities of the land of Moab
on all the cities of the land of Moab
on all the cities of the land of Moab far or near the Horn of Moab is cut off
far or near the Horn of Moab is cut off
far or near the Horn of Moab is cut off and his arm is broken make him drunk
and his arm is broken make him drunk
and his arm is broken make him drunk because he exalted himself against the
because he exalted himself against the
because he exalted himself against the Lord Moab shall wallow in his vomit and
Lord Moab shall wallow in his vomit and
Lord Moab shall wallow in his vomit and he shall also be in derision for was not
he shall also be in derision for was not
he shall also be in derision for was not Israel a derision to you was he found
Israel a derision to you was he found
Israel a derision to you was he found among thieves for whenever you speak of
among thieves for whenever you speak of
among thieves for whenever you speak of him you shake your head and scorn you
him you shake your head and scorn you
him you shake your head and scorn you who dwell in Moab leave the cities and
who dwell in Moab leave the cities and
who dwell in Moab leave the cities and dwell in the rock and be like the Dove
dwell in the rock and be like the Dove
dwell in the rock and be like the Dove which makes her nest in the sides of the
which makes her nest in the sides of the
which makes her nest in the sides of the caves mouth we have heard the pride of
caves mouth we have heard the pride of
caves mouth we have heard the pride of Moab he is exceedingly proud of his
Moab he is exceedingly proud of his
Moab he is exceedingly proud of his loftiness and arrogance and pride and of
loftiness and arrogance and pride and of
loftiness and arrogance and pride and of the haughtiness of his heart
the haughtiness of his heart
the haughtiness of his heart I know his wrath says the Lord but it is
I know his wrath says the Lord but it is
I know his wrath says the Lord but it is not right his lies have made nothing
not right his lies have made nothing
not right his lies have made nothing right therefore I will wail for Moab and
right therefore I will wail for Moab and
right therefore I will wail for Moab and I will cry out for all Moab I will mourn
I will cry out for all Moab I will mourn
I will cry out for all Moab I will mourn for the man of coherence ovine of Simba
for the man of coherence ovine of Simba
for the man of coherence ovine of Simba I will wait for you with the weeping of
I will wait for you with the weeping of
I will wait for you with the weeping of Jesu your plants have gone over the sea
Jesu your plants have gone over the sea
Jesu your plants have gone over the sea they reach to the sea of Jesu
they reach to the sea of Jesu
they reach to the sea of Jesu the plunder has fallen on your summer
the plunder has fallen on your summer
the plunder has fallen on your summer fruit and your vintage joy and gladness
fruit and your vintage joy and gladness
fruit and your vintage joy and gladness are taken from the plentiful field and
are taken from the plentiful field and
are taken from the plentiful field and from the land of mower I have caused
from the land of mower I have caused
from the land of mower I have caused wine to fail from the wine presses
wine to fail from the wine presses
wine to fail from the wine presses no one will tread with joyous shouting
no one will tread with joyous shouting
no one will tread with joyous shouting not joyous shouting from the cry of his
not joyous shouting from the cry of his
not joyous shouting from the cry of his pawn to Ely Ayla and J has they have
pawn to Ely Ayla and J has they have
pawn to Ely Ayla and J has they have uttered their voice from ZOA to horror
uttered their voice from ZOA to horror
uttered their voice from ZOA to horror named like a three-year-old heifer
named like a three-year-old heifer
named like a three-year-old heifer for the waters of NIMH Rijn also shall
for the waters of NIMH Rijn also shall
for the waters of NIMH Rijn also shall be desolate
be desolate
be desolate moreover says the Lord I will cause to
moreover says the Lord I will cause to
moreover says the Lord I will cause to cease in Moab the one who offers
cease in Moab the one who offers
cease in Moab the one who offers sacrifices in the high places and burns
sacrifices in the high places and burns
sacrifices in the high places and burns incense to his gods therefore my heart
incense to his gods therefore my heart
incense to his gods therefore my heart shall wail like flutes for Moab and like
shall wail like flutes for Moab and like
shall wail like flutes for Moab and like flutes my heart shall wail for the men
flutes my heart shall wail for the men
flutes my heart shall wail for the men of queue hereis therefore the riches
of queue hereis therefore the riches
of queue hereis therefore the riches they have acquired have perished for
they have acquired have perished for
they have acquired have perished for every head shall be bald and every beard
every head shall be bald and every beard
every head shall be bald and every beard clipped on all the hand shall be cuts
clipped on all the hand shall be cuts
clipped on all the hand shall be cuts and on the loins sackcloth a general
and on the loins sackcloth a general
and on the loins sackcloth a general lamentation on all the housetops of Moab
lamentation on all the housetops of Moab
lamentation on all the housetops of Moab and in its streets for I have broken
and in its streets for I have broken
and in its streets for I have broken Moab like a vessel in which is no
Moab like a vessel in which is no
Moab like a vessel in which is no pleasure says the Lord they shall wail
pleasure says the Lord they shall wail
pleasure says the Lord they shall wail how she is broken down omo has turned
how she is broken down omo has turned
how she is broken down omo has turned her back with shame so a Moab shall be a
her back with shame so a Moab shall be a
her back with shame so a Moab shall be a derision and in dismay to all those
derision and in dismay to all those
derision and in dismay to all those above her for thus says the Lord behold
above her for thus says the Lord behold
above her for thus says the Lord behold one shall fly like an eagle and spread
one shall fly like an eagle and spread
one shall fly like an eagle and spread his wings over mob carry off is taken
his wings over mob carry off is taken
his wings over mob carry off is taken and the strongholds are surprised the
and the strongholds are surprised the
and the strongholds are surprised the mighty men's hearts in Moab on that day
mighty men's hearts in Moab on that day
mighty men's hearts in Moab on that day shall be like the heart of a woman in
shall be like the heart of a woman in
shall be like the heart of a woman in birthparents
birthparents
birthparents and Moab shall be destroyed as a people
and Moab shall be destroyed as a people
and Moab shall be destroyed as a people because he exalted himself against the
because he exalted himself against the
because he exalted himself against the Lord fear and the pit and the snare
Lord fear and the pit and the snare
Lord fear and the pit and the snare shall be upon you O inhabitant of Mahwah
shall be upon you O inhabitant of Mahwah
shall be upon you O inhabitant of Mahwah he who flees from the fear shall fall
he who flees from the fear shall fall
he who flees from the fear shall fall into the pit and he who gets out of the
into the pit and he who gets out of the
into the pit and he who gets out of the pit shall be caught in the snake for
pit shall be caught in the snake for
pit shall be caught in the snake for upon Moab upon it I will bring the year
upon Moab upon it I will bring the year
upon Moab upon it I will bring the year of their punishment says the Lord those
of their punishment says the Lord those
of their punishment says the Lord those who fled stood under the shadow of
who fled stood under the shadow of
who fled stood under the shadow of Heshbon
Heshbon
Heshbon because of exhaustion but a fire shall
because of exhaustion but a fire shall
because of exhaustion but a fire shall come out of Heshbon a flame from the
come out of Heshbon a flame from the
come out of Heshbon a flame from the midst of Sion and shall devour the brow
midst of Sion and shall devour the brow
midst of Sion and shall devour the brow of Moab a crown of the head of the sons
of Moab a crown of the head of the sons
of Moab a crown of the head of the sons of tumult woe to you or mow the
of tumult woe to you or mow the
of tumult woe to you or mow the people of ki mosh perish for your sons
people of ki mosh perish for your sons
people of ki mosh perish for your sons have been taken captive and your
have been taken captive and your
have been taken captive and your daughter's captive yet I will bring back
daughter's captive yet I will bring back
daughter's captive yet I will bring back the captives of MA in the latter days
the captives of MA in the latter days
the captives of MA in the latter days thus far is the judgment of Maud
thus far is the judgment of Maud
thus far is the judgment of Maud [Music]